
Jardin Subsector
----------------
Thalassa (Jardin) Subsector: The Thalassa Subsector has an estimated
population in 1202 of 1.69 billion, a decline of approximately 91 percent
from its Pre-Collapse population. Its highest population is 544 million,
at Jardin, and its highest tech level is 10 at Thalassa.

Thalassa (Jardin) Subsector (historical): The Jardin Subsector had an
estimated population in 1117 of approximately 19.27 billion. Its highest
population was 7.76 billion at Jardin, and its highest tech level was 14
at Theseus, Arisia, Thalassa, and Odysseus.

Subsector Notes
---------------
This subsector was a rarely visited, sparsely colonized region under both
Imperial and later Solomani rule. Settlement activity finally increased to
significant level a few centuries ago. Little colonization took place
because of the relative inhospitability of the worlds here in comparison
to worlds in other subsectors, such as Capella. This made the interior a
haven for pirates, and one world, Ptolemy, actively supported a rather
large band of them at one time. It wasn't until the eve of the Second
Solomani Rim War that the subsector obtained any degree of prosperity, and
that was quickly snuffed out in the wake of the Collapse.

Today, a trade route between the independent worlds of Alizarin, Thalassa,
Ishkur and Chrysolite passes through the extreme coreward sections of the
subsector, resulting in increased prosperity for those worlds which are
on, or just off the route. The rest of the subsector (with the exception
of Chinon, which still operates three rather aging Solomani free traders)
is devoid of interstellar traffic, and consequently isolated from the rest
of the universe.


