Kukulcan Subsector
------------------
Kukulcan Subsector: The Kukulcan Subsector has an estimated population in
1202 of 30.25 billion, a decline of approximately 68 percent from its
Pre-Collapse population. Its highest population is 9.32 billion at
Caprice, and its highest tech level is 8 at Ochre, Lyonesse, Kukulcan,
Caprice, and Culdee.

Kukulcan Subsector (historical): The Kukulcan Subsector had an estimated
population in 1117 of approximately 94.69 billion. Its highest population
was 46.51 billion at Kukulcan, and its highest tech level was 14 at
Carchemish, Thetis, Tlaloc, Pavel, Ochre, Trapezus, Laputa, Jocasta, and
Skanderbeg.

Subsector Notes
---------------
	The major worlds of this subsector did not always have cordial
relations under Solomani rule, and several trade wars resulted from the
infighting. Kukulcan, which in 1117 had the largest population (Caprice
now has slightly more) had just won the latest in the series conflicts
(1115-1116) when its fleet and that of the other local navies was placed
under Confederation control in preparation for the invasion of the
Imperium. Since the Collapse, that factionalism has been put aside in
favor of a spirit of cooperation, as several of the systems have begun
helping each other recover through trade and cooperative projects. The
Terran Republic is helping to facilitate this by providing the offices of
their ambassador to this subsector (located on Kukulcan, along with a
recently constructed Gabreelist mission) as a neutral meeting ground and
arbitration point when disputes arise. 
