
Albadawi Subsector
------------------
Spinward Reach/Albadawi Subsector: The Spinward Reach/Albadawi Subsector
has an estimated population in 1202 of 58.04 billion, a decline of 69
percent from its Pre-Collapse population. Its highest population is 42.8
billion at Tonopah, and its highest tech level is 10, also at Tonopah.

Spinward Reach/Albadawi Subsector (historical): The Albadawi Subsector had
an estimated population in 1117 of approximately 188.97 billion. Its
highest population was 86.7 billion at Kidashi, and its highest tech level
was 15 at Oz, Beal, Irashdaa, and York.

Subsector Notes
---------------
	The Spinward Reach subsector was formerly named Albadawi after the
Terran admiral of the 8th Interstellar War who conquered it from the First
Imperium (and is still referred to in this way by most free traders and
the Terran Republic). His victory in this subsector secured all Imperial
territory rimward of Vega for the Terrans. The current name is a reference
to the subsector's location relative to the Dingir League, and is the name
most often used for it by that interstellar state.

	The Dingir League began expanding into this subsector five years ago.
So far Akhamin, Gaea, Tonopah, Randulf and Munilgan have joined the League
(other worlds have been claimed by the League as well, but are
uninhabited). Duriim became part of the League when it came under the
control of Dingir two years ago. This occurred when the TED in charge of
the world was overthrown by a combination of Dingir troops and indigenous
forces. Currently a military governor (a Dingir admiral) is in control of
the system. A local civilian government is scheduled to take the reins of
power within a year, though difficulties in working out a form of
government and a constitution may extend military rule a bit longer.

