
From: jeff.zeitlin@execnet.com (JEFF ZEITLIN)
Organization: Execnet Information System - 914-667-4567 - 206.181.98.136
Date: Fri, 10 Jan 97 14:23:00 -0500
Subject: Introductory Post

Hi, I'm Jeff, and I'm a Traveller junkie.

<Hi, Jeff!>

Yes, I know, that's an _old_ joke, but _old_ is how I feel right
now - nothing to do with Traveller or Galactic, though, so 'nuff
of that.

My first exposure to Traveller was as a player at RPI, back in
about '83.  We were being run through _Annic_Nova_, and I was
hooked.  Since then, I've run some campaigns of my own, and
played in others, until the recent dispersal of my campaign
group.  I've collected a fair amount of Traveller stuff; I like
background information.

I maintain the RICE Archives and the Freelance Traveller
resources on the Web, and am at least recognized on the TML.

I don't have a real life; I work for the City of New York,
pretending to support a Police Department LAN (have you ever
known civil service to look anything like a real life?).  I say
pretending because the PD pretends that they really need me
there, and I pretend to agree with them (while telling them
exactly what they're doing wrong, and correctly predicting the
failure mode not less than three-quarters of the time.  They
still ignore me, though). It's an easy 45K per year, so I'm not
complaining...

For Galactic, I'd like to stake my claim to the Julian
Protectorate, focussing on Amdukan sector initially.  I'd
appreciate it if people would point me to any already-published
info on it other than what appears in DGP's _Vilani_and_Vargr_
sourcebook; I'd rather not invalidate/be invalidated by
information that I wasn't aware of.

