The Narrows Sector
------------------
The Narrows Sector is named for the J-2 route through the Diska Rift that
lies in the coreward portion of the sector. This route is universally
referred to as "The Narrows". This sector was only sparcely settled until the
late Terran Imperial Period. During that time however, the Terrans started a
program of colonisation of the rich worlds beyond the Diska Rift. As a
natural offshoot of that program, many accessable worlds within the Rift were
also settled. With the collapse of the Terran Empire this program came to a
halt; and the worlds in the Rift were cast adrift throughout the Second Dark
Age.

With the formation of the Magellanic Empire, attention again turned to the
Terran colonised worlds beyond the Rift; and in the mid 2200's the Empire
reestablished the J-2 route across The Narrows and started to recontact these
worlds. It was duing this period that most inhabited worlds within the Rift
were also recontacted. Unfortunetly this policy lead directly to the First
Mwoah War as the expanding Mwoah Unity moved into the region of the former
Terran colonies. With the defeat of the Magellanic Empire in this war, all
efforts to recontact these worlds ended and they fell into the Mwoah sphere
of influence.

The Mwoah payed little attention to most of the worlds in the sector, content
to simply establish control of the J-2 route. During the Second Mwoah War,
the Unity was forced from the voidward half of the J-2 route, leaving an
isolated pocket of theoretically independent Mwoah worlds adjacent to the
Magellanic Empire. The recent formation of the Civtra Confederation (a
Magellanic freindly state on the Mwoah side of the Rift) has lead to a marked
increase in tensions in the sector.
