The Julian Protectorate: Member States: The Constellation of Koekhon
--------------------------------------------------------------------

This mixed Human-Vargr state has Vargr in charge of the Executive
branch of government; Humans control the Judiciary.  Most Humans in the
area are of Solomani extraction, and there is a sizeable population
descended from deportees from Terra itself.  The Vargr population, like
that of most of the Protectorate, is primarily Irilitok Vargr, but
sizeable minorities of Urzaeng and Ovaghoun Vargr can also be found.

The Constellation's society is paradoxical in some ways; while Human/
Vargr cooperation is at a very high level, some of the strongest
bigotry of one race against the other can also be found here, primarily
among the Urzaeng Vargr communities, many of whom are descendants of
refugees from anti-Vargr pogroms in the Gashikan region, and among the
Human Image community on Jyestha House (Divide/Amdukan 1432), a
religious group that believes that Humans were created "in the image
of" their deity, and that other "supposedly intelligent" species are
merely a mockery of that deity's work, and unworthy of association with
those who are "truly intelligent".

The Constellation of Koekhon's central location within the protectorate
leaves it comparatively isolated from contact with states and cultures
from outside the Protectorate, and it maintains formal relations
within the Protectorate only with the Rukadukaz Republic.  In debates
in the Protectorate legislature, Koekhon delegates generally present an
isolationist viewpoint.

Tetusu-Dene Evaluation: 7
Although Humans and Vargr work well together here as elsewhere, it is 
unusual for them to be found together in social situations.  For the 
most part, the panet relationship common in the Asimikigir 
Confederation, and considered unremarkable elsewhere, is viewed as 
being somewhat perverted here, and demeaning to both parties.
