The Julian Protectorate: Member States: The Rukadukaz Republic
--------------------------------------------------------------

The Rukadukaz Republic is one of the most influential members of the 
Protectorate, behind the Asimikigir Confederation and possibly the 
Commonwealth of Mendan.  The vast majority of trade with the Imperial 
Domain of Antares flows through the Republic, and the Imperial Division 
of the Menderes Corporations is based here.

The Republic is also the "front line" in the event of hostilities with 
the Imperium; there is no other Protectorate member state with as 
strong a permanent Star Legion presence as the Republic.  This presence 
has provided a boost to the Republic's shipbuilding industry; while in 
general, the high-tech and luxury ships built in the Protectorate are 
built by Vargr firms and yards in the Asimikigir Confederation, the 
shipyards of the Rukadukaz Republic are known for sturdy, absolutely 
reliable ships - when they can be obtained; it is not unusual for 
Rukadukaz shipyards to be concentrating on military contracts for 
either production or maintenance/overhaul.

The Rukadukaz Republic is one of the few Protectorate member states 
with a non-Irilitok majority among its Vargr; in fact, Irilitok Vargr 
are vanishingly rare in most of the Republic.  Virtually all Vargr in 
the Rukadukaz Republic are Ovaghoun; there are a few communities of 
Logaksu and Urzaeng Vargr on the spinward edge of the Republic.

Tetusu-Dene Evaluation: 8
Integration between Vargr and Human is almost as extensive here as in 
the Asimikigir Confederation.  On most issues involving interspecies 
relations, Rukadukaz attitudes will closely mirror Asimikigir 
attitudes.  In general, the Rukadukaz Republic will quietly follow the 
lead of the Asimikigir Confederation, but on those occasions when the 
Republic chooses to be proactive, they and the Asimikigir Confederation 
are a formidable team.
