The Julian Protectorate: Associated States: The Zuugabish Tripartite
--------------------------------------------------------------------

The Zuugabish Tripartite failed to achieve its goal of membership in 
the Julian Protectorate primarily due to resistance by the Asimikigir 
Confederation and the Rukadukaz Republic, both of which objected to the 
relationship between Human and Vargr within the Tripartite.

While Humans dominate the Tripartite, there is a sizeable and restive 
Vargr population.  Uprisings are common, and are often put down 
violently.  The presence of corsair bands in and around the Zuugabish 
Tripartite does nothing to improve the situation.

The weak central government has been unable to stop the establishment 
of corsair bases within its territory, or to prevent raids on its 
territory from outside; the three provincial governments are only 
slightly stronger, but are suspected of using the corsair bands for 
their own unofficial purposes.

Tetusu-Dene Evaluation: 5H
The primary obstacle to improved relations between Human and Vargr here 
is the direction of corsair activity against Human worlds, by corsairs 
based in the Confederation of Bammesuka and in Meshan sector.  It is 
likely that with a stronger central government, the situation in the 
Zuugabish Tripartite could be improved to the point where its candidacy 
for membership in the Julian Protectorate would be viable.  For now, 
Associated State status has been chosen, and the government is 
attempting to cultivate closer ties with the Confederation of Mendan, 
in hopes of receiving aid that will allow it to reach its goals.
