Traveller News Service - 1107

Ruie/Regina (C776977-7) Date: 003-1107

Military authorities in the Jingarlu army on this non-Imperial frontier
world are apparently encountering difficulty hiring mercenary striker units
for use along the Jingarlu-Nebelthorn border. For over a year, border
tensions between the two nations have been increasing, and numerous
incidents have caused the normally stormy relations between the two
governments to break down altogether.

Jingarlu has often hired mercenary units from the Spinward Marches of the
Imperium to beef up its border constabulary in times of tension, but such
units are largely unavailable at the moment. Jingarlu authorities speculate
that large scale Imperial Army hirings in the Regina subsector for use on
Efate may be the cause of the shortage, but reliable Imperial sources deny
that hirings have been higher than normal. [JTAS #7]

Deneb/Deneb (A-000895-E) Date: 021-1107

A message boat, two months out of date, has arrived from the Old Islands
subsector with word of extensive fighting in that remote, non-Imperial
region. Old Islands subsector, due to its astrographic location, has never
been integrated into the Imperium. The combination of fairly uniform tech
levels, aggressive trade policies, and numerous autonomous governments have
traditionally made it an area of continuing instability. It now appears
that the instability has erupted into open warfare. [JTAS #7]

Regina/Regina (0310-A788899-A) Date: 054-1107

Reports over the course of the last several weeks of a marked increase in
piracy in the coreward reaches of the subsector have been substantiated by
Navy officials in a routine press release. In today's weekly press
briefing, a naval spokesman confirmed that an unusually large amount of
shipping had failed to make scheduled planet-fall and that no
communications from the Kinorb Cluster had been received for over two
months.

When questioned further, Public Relations Officer Lieutenant Commander
Vanderheydt hault-Josephson pointed out that fewer than ten ships had been
scheduled to make the little-used Kinorb-Pixie run in that period, and
difficulties at Riesling Down Starport on Kinorb could easily explain the
situation. However, hault-Josephson added that the Navy had not ruled out
the possibility that piracy from "a source or sources unknown" could be
responsible.

In response to the situation, hault-Josephson announced that the battle
cruiser Agidda, until yesterday under order to join the squadron at Efate,
was instead being routed to join her sister ship Adamdun in the Kinorb
Cluster and report back on the situation. The dispatch of Agidda was
further described as "purely precautionary." [JTAS #8]

Efate/Regina (0105-A646930-D) Date: 078-1107

The small brushfire war that has sputtered off and on for several years on
this frontier world has, within the last week, came suddenly alive. New
ships are arriving in orbit daily, and Down Franklin Starport, for many
months nearly empty, is now choked with a steady flow of marines and army
troopers disgorged from busy fleet shuttles.

Yesterday Colonel Eitan Rahbaan, public relations officer for the newly
formed Forty-Third (Provisional) Frontier Army explained in a press
conference the reason for the sudden build-up and the general plan of
action. The continuing protracted nature of the insurgency action on Efate
had been a mounting drain on manpower resources, and had begun to sap the
morale of indigenous troops. As a result, the decision was made to
concentrate maximum effort to end the conflict in the shortest possible
time.

Maximum effort is the only way to describe the amazing build-up that has
taken place literally overnight. Already official circulars list eleven
brigade-sized Imperial formations deployed on-planet, in addition to four
brigades that apparently were here previously. Even now, large transports
are off-loading the heavy vehicles of the well-equipped and hard-hitting
317 Air-Mechanized Brigade, and rumor has it that the build-up is still not
complete.

This reporter admits to being overwhelmed by this truly impressive show of
force. One can only wonder how long the stubborn but indifferently equipped
insurgents on this world can hold out against the ultra-modern juggernaught
Army Vice-Marshal Lord Calavan, commander of the 43rd Provisional Army, is
preparing to unleash on it? Days? Hours? [JTAS #8]

Scaramouche/Harlequin (A7C6503-9) Date: 088-1107

As the Solomani-inspired insurgency on this rim world has gradually lost
popular support and has clearly been beaten militarily, the Imperial travel
interdict has been lifted and Scaramouche has now been upgraded to travel
zone Amber from Red. Order has been restored in all the major population
centers and the Travellers' Aid Society is pleased to announce the
re-opening of its class A facilities at Brogan's Down Starport. Travellers
are advised to exercise caution, however, when travelling to this world as
sporadic fighting still continues in rural areas and local curfew
regulations are strictly enforced. [JTAS #7]

Regina/Regina (0310-A788899-A) Date: 186-1107

The Admiralty was electrified by the reported appearance of a substantial
Zhodani war fleet at Ruie (Regina 0209 C776977-7), scarcely a parsec from
the sector capital. /the report was carried by the detached scout/courier
Wayward Dream. The crew of the Wayward Dream were quickly cloistered by
Imperial Naval Intelligence and the ship placed under heavy guard in a
sealed hangar bay at Luck Gibson starport. Ground crews at the starport,
however, reported that the vessel showed some evidence of battle damage.

While all naval personnel at Regina Naval Base were put on full readiness,
all ten heavy SDBs were launched and are rumored to be vectored toward
Prometheus, the large gas giant would be a first priority target of a
hostile fleet.

Representatives of the diplomatic ministry have pressured the Zhodani
embassy for an explanation, but thus far Ambassador Shterbifriashav has
been unavailable for comment. Although Ruie is not an Imperial world, a
Zhodani fleet almost certainly have had to have violated the demilitarized
zone. established after the Fourth Frontier War. Grave diplomatic
repercussions are expected. [JTAS #9]

FLASH FLASH FLASH FLASH FLASH FLASH FLASH FLASH

Regina/Regina (0310-A788899-A) Date: 187-1107

The Duke of Regina, speaking through his seneschal, announced in an
emergency press conference that as of 12:01 A.M. this date a formal state
of war has existed between the Imperium and the Zhodani Consulate. The
seneschal explained that the declaration of war was handed to him by
Ambassador Shterbifriashav late last night. The seneschal declined to
answer questions, stating that no further information was available at that
time. [JTAS #9]

Rhylanor/Rhylanor (0306-A434934-F) Date: 201-1107

Word has today been received by fleet courier of the invasion of Regina,
the capital of the Spinward Marches. Naval spokesmen of the 212th Fleet
declined to comment publicly, but in private one naval officer expressed
the opinion that prolonged resistance on the world was unlikely in the
event of a serious Zhodani assault.

Coming only days after receipt of the news of the outbreak of the war, news
of Regina's invasion is a heavy blow to hopes of an early victory over the
Zhodani. The fall of Regina could sever the main communications artery to
the Jewell subsector, and seriously hinder communication with fleet
elements presumed to be fighting there. [JTAS #9]

Rhylanor/Rhylanor (0306-A434934-F) Date: 204-1107

Army Vice-Marshal Adam Lord Bryor today announced that a presumed state of
war now exists between the Imperium and the Sword Worlds, following reciept
of word that Lanth (Lanth 0109 A879533-B) was under attack by fleet and
ground elements of that state. Characterizing the Sword Worlds' action as
"a perfidious betrayal", Bryor dismissed any suggestion that Rhylanor was
vulnerable to a Sword Worlds attack.

"In addition to the Imperial Marines on-planet, Rhylanor has 25 active
divisions equipped to Imperial standards", Bryor explained. "Even if a
Sword Worlds squadron could fight its way through Rhylanor's boats, there's
no conceivable way a Sword Worlds army could gain a foothold on-planet.
Since Rhylanor is one of the foci for naval reinforcement from Deneb
sector, a Sword Worlds fleet would be courting disaster to strike here."

When questioned as to possible plans to retake Lanth, 212th Fleet spokesmen
suggested that no such operation was likely to be undertaken in the near
future, as most naval assets would probably be concentrated for an attempt
to relieve the 43rd Provisional Army along with its supporting naval
squadron, at Efate (Regina 0105-A646930-D). [JTAS #9]

Rhylanor/Rhylanor (0306-A434934-F) Date: 204-1107

The Travellers' Aid Society issued a travellers' advisory, declaring the
entire Spinward Marches sector an amber zone until further notice. [JTAS
#9]

Rhylanor/Rhylanor (0306-A434934-F) Date: 206-1107

The local branch of the IISS Detached Duty Office issued orders requiring
all detached scout personnel in the Spinward Marches and Corridor
subsectors controlling surplus scout vessels and all other retired scout
personnel under the age of 66 to report to the nearest scout base for
examination.

All scout vessels will be armed and re-fitted for service in scout
squadrons attached to the Navy. All retired personnel in suitable physical
condition will be inducted into service for the duration of the emergency
in accordance with established procedures.

Failure to report for examination during a state of emergency is treason,
and a maximum sentence of death may be exacted upon conviction. [JTAS #10]

Rhylanor/Rhylanor (0306-A434934-F) Date: 210-1107

The Travellers Aid Society announced today that, contrary to rumor, all
representatives of the Regina branch of the Journal of the Travellers' Aid
Society are safe.

"All but a skeleton news-gathering staff has been withdrawn from the system
as a safety measure," a society spokesperson said, "but we will continue
full coverage of the war as it develops."

Regina/Regina (0310-A788899-A) Date: 212-1107

The office of the Duke announced that his Grace Norris, Duke of Regina, has
been stricken with a variant form of pneumonic virus and has transferred
the routine functions of state to a nominee pending his recovery. The brief
statement by the Duke's seneschal was made during the regularly scheduled
news conference, and no questions were permitted.

Speculation that the Duke has been deposed by rival power factions within
the Navy is reported unfounded. [JTAS #10]

Regina/Regina (0310-A788899-A) Date: 214-1107

Strong Zhodani advances on Louzy and Efate are reported to have been beaten
back by Imperial forces late last month. Conflicting reports have prompted
the Admiralty to institute a policy of monitoring news releases and rating
their accuracy. The ratings for these reports was termed excellent. [JTAS
#10]

Rhylanor/Rhylanor (0306-A434934-F) Date: 243-1107

Long quiescent, the Ine Givar terrorist organization seems to be taking
advantage of the dislocation caused by the current war to increase their
activities. In addition to reports of activity throughout the war zone, in
recent months the Ine Givar have been implicated in numerous acts of
destruction and sabotage, including (most recently) the disappearance of
the merchant ship Harun-al-Rashid, now six weeks overdue from Equus (Lanth
0807), an explosion and fire in scout base facilities at Meleto (Mora
0407), and the release of a deadly viral toxin into the water supply of the
Imperial Naval installation at Bendor (Glisten 0706).

Spokesmen for Naval Intelligence refused to comment on speculation that the
Ine Givar might be receiving support from the Zhodani or their allies. A
high-placed source, however, said that the possibility of Zhodani or Sword
World financial support cannot be discounted.

The most famous pre-war act of terrorism attributed to the Ine Givar took
place on Efate (Regina) early in 1105. Until now, no acts have taken place
which could be directly attributed to the Ine Givar with the possible
exception of the explosion in General Shipyard's Pixie Facility (Regina
0303) later in that same year. [JTAS #11]

Turedad/Lanth (0804-C465540-9) Date: 251-1107

Authorities on this agricultural world have announced the discovery and
arrest of a number of "sleeper" agents in high places in the planetary
government. A press release issued by Naval Intelligence did not reveal
names, but said that the agents were citizens of the Sword Worlds,
disguised as locals, who had apparently spent years (in one case decades)
working their way unobtrusively into the highest councils of the planetary
government.

According to the press release, the agents were to break the vital jump-1
route to Regina and the war zone by turning the world against the Imperium,
and destroying or impounding supply vessels on their way to the front.

No information is available on how the "sleepers" were discovered. The
press release explains that Naval Intelligence does not wish to compromise
Imperial agents in Zhodani or Sword Worlds territory. [JTAS #11]

Regina/Regina (0310-A788899-A) Date: 268-1107

OFFICIAL RELEASE 46-268-1107:

Notwithstanding current military conditions, landing operations or other
activity not specifically sanctioned by the Imperial Naval Department will
not be tolerated at the following worlds: Pscias (Regina 0506), Shionthy
(Regina 0706)), Algine (Regina 0708), Victoria (Lanth 0207), Ylaven (Lanth
0306), Sonthert(Lanth 0308), Djinni (Lanth 0501), and Grant (Jewell 0807).

Subordinate authority for such landings or operations is delegated to fleet
commanders when there is incontrovertible evidence that enemy forces have
landed on such worlds or intend to do so.

Violations of this directive will be severely dealt with.

By order Santanocheev, Sector Admiral. [JTAS #11]

Regina/Regina (0306-A788889-A) Date: 302-1107

The office of the Duke denied reports that His Grace Norris, Duke of
Regina, had died of a rare form of lung infection. Although declining to
answer questions on the Duke's condition, or to reveal the Duke's
whereabouts, a spokesman for the Duke's seneschal stated that His Grace was
in a safe location, and was recovering rapidly. [JTAS #12]

Rhylanor/Rhylanor (0306-A434934-F) Date: 362-1107

Unconfirmed reports of the fall of Kinorb (Regina 0602) and Yorbund (Regina
0703) systems to Vargr forces allied with the Zhodani were received today.

The office of Army Vice-Marshal Adam Lord Bryor declined to comment on
these reports other than to say that fighting in these two systems
continues. [JTAS #12]

  Some material on this page is from the Traveller game system and is used
     with permission. Traveller is a registered trademark of Far Future
 Enterprises. (R)1977-1996 Far Future Enterprises. Portions of this material
             are Copyright (c)1977-1996 Far Future Enterprises.

                           JTAS 7 material (c)1981
                           JTAS 8 material (c)1981
                           JTAS 9 material (c)1981
                           JTAS 10 material (c)1981
                           JTAS 11 material (c)1981
                           JTAS 12 material (c)1981
