Traveller News Service - 1109

Regina/Regina (0310-A788899-A) Date: 021-1109

In a recorded message to the press, the office of Admiral Lord Santanocheev
announced that the Naval Base at Ghandi (Lanth 0205) is under attack by
Zhodani naval and ground forces, including several units of the elite
Zhodani Consular Guard. The statement indicated that the garrison at Ghandi
had recently been reinforced because of the Zhodani presence at Calit
(Vilis 0705).

This announcement has fuelled speculation that a major Zhodani push is
underway, with Rhylanor as its most likely target. If Ghandi falls, it will
be a major blow to the Imperial war effort, possibly a fatal one. [JTAS
#15]

Regina/Regina (0310-A788899-A) Date: 029-1109

Operation Iedshrpr, several months in secret preparation, was launched by
elements of the Imperial Navy's Corridor Fleet in a drive to break the
siege of Efate and force back the Zhodani forces currently operating in
Regina subsector.

Commander Aia Resortin, fleet press officer, stated, "Admiral Santanocheev
has planned a brilliant campaign for the relief of Efate. Denial of Efate
to the Zhodani means denial of the whole subsector. This operation is the
turning point of the war."

Regrettably, the meeting was cut short by a Zhodani hit-and-run raid, which
partially damaged some buildings, but had no other effect. [JTAS #16]

Inthe/Regina (0810-B575776-9) Date: 059-1109

A ship from Imperial Scout Squadron 497 (recently based at Jewell) arrived
at Inthe after successfully running the Zhodani blockade. Military security
would not permit interviews with its crew, but a statement was later issued
that Jewell has not fallen, and continues to defend against Zhodani
attacks. [JTAS #16]

Kinorb/Regina (0602-A663659-5) Date: 083-1109

Operations against the Vargr force invading Yorbund and Heya achieved a
considerable success recently. It was announced today that Battle Squadron
203 and several cruiser squadrons, under Vice-Admiral Elphinstone, were
able to destroy a Vargr battle squadron after a prolonged engagement.

Having regained orbital supremacy of the world, the Imperial 85th Infantry
Field Army was moved in to secure the surface of Heya. [JTAS #16]

Lanth/Lanth (0109-A879533-B) Date: 096-1109

Only days after the Imperial 193rd fleet left Lanth for a reported assembly
of Sword World forces at Tavonni the Sword Worlders appeared in the Lanth
system and immediately began landing forces. Local resistance was fierce,
but futile.

The return of the Imperial fleet after failing to find the enemy in
Tavinni, however, caught the Sworld Worlders by surprise, and resulted in
severe losses to the enemy. Imperial forces continue to mop up in the Lanth
system. [JTAS #16]

Beck'a World/Regina (0604-B883349-D) Date: 122-1109

The last remnants of the Vargr battle fleet from Yorbund were run down and
destroyed in the Beck's World system today. Although all enemy forces are
not yet accounted for, Vice-Admiral Elphinstone's staff was optimistic that
the threat from the Vargr forces has been countered. [JTAS #17]

Rhylanor/Rhylanor (0306-A434934-F) Date: 128-1109

Dispatches received from Regina indicate that a major Imperial raid against
Zhodani military and industrial installations at Ninjar (Chronor 0608) has
been accomplished by means of secret caches at the old Imperial naval base
in the Quar system (Chronor 0808).

No further details are available at this time. [JTAS #17]

FLASH FLASH FLASH FLASH FLASH FLASH FLASH FLASH

Regina/Regina (0310-A788899-A) Date: 132-1109

In a terse communique, his Grace the Duke of Regina announced that Admiral
Lord Santanocheev has been relieved of command immediately. Acting with the
authority of an Imperial Warrant, the Duke has taken personal command of
the 1st Provisional Fleet.

Members of the Duke's staff declined to comment further other than to
confirm that the change of command has taken place. Nothing is known as to
the reasons for Santanocheev's relief, or his present whereabouts. [JTAS
#17]

Rhylanor/Rhylanor (0306-A434934-F) Date: 147-1109(delayed)

Imperial naval forces and attached army and marine units have retaken Calit
(Vilis 0705), according to a highly placed source at the Admiralty. News of
the victory was delayed because the local commander did not feel he could
spare any vessels to carry the news out of system until recently.

No reports of the battle, or of any casualties among the forces involved
are available. [JTAS #18]

Lanth/Lanth (0109-A879533-B) Date: 241-1109

The commander of the Imperial 193 Fleet has officially declared the mopping
up of Sword World forces in the Lanth system to be complete, after months
of heavy fighting.

"Reports of atrocities against the civilian populace are unfounded," the
fleet public relations officer declared in a press release, "The enemy
forces were too heavily involved in fighting us to be able to have
committed any crimes against the locals." The officer went on to note that
rumors of atrocities are common after any battle, because of the high
degree of emotion generated.

No information is available on casualties, either military or civilian, but
a highly placed source indicated that 193 Fleet has requested large numbers
of ground reinforcements, indicating heavy casualties, at least in its
ground forces.

Porozlo/Rhylanor (0305-A867A74-A) Date: 231-1109

According to unofficial reports, a major battle is taking place at
Rhylanor, involving both fleet and planetary elements of Imperial and
colonial forces. [JTAS #18]

Porozlo/Rhylanor (0305-A867A74-A) Date: 239-1109

Informed sources have revealed that major fleet and ground forces arrived
in this system last night, and are presently refuelling and refitting for
immediate transfer to Rhylanor, to reinforce Imperial forces there. [JTAS
#18]

FLASH FLASH FLASH FLASH FLASH FLASH FLASH FLASH

Kinorb/Regina (0602-A663659-5) Date: 252-1109

All Vargr forces allied with the Outworld Coalition have been instructed by
their supreme commander to cease hostilities and surrender to the Imperial
military or present themselves to a neutral power for internment.
Unconfirmed rumor states the Vargr forces have withdrawn from the
Coalition, and are now negotiating a separate peace agreement.

Speculation is rampant in all governmental circles as to the ramifications
of this action, both with regard to the war and with regard to post-war
policies in the Vargr Extents. [JTAS #18]

Rhylanor/Rhylanor (0306-A434934-F) Date: 310-1109

Rumors continue to circulate concerning a major assault by Imperial forces
in the near future. No single objective is noted in any of these rumors,
and official sources have refused to comment on any of the rumors, but
experts believe that an attempted relief of Jewell is in the offing. [JTAS
#19]

Rhylanor/Rhylanor (0306-A434934-F) Date: 312-1109

The battles for Rhylanor are over. In an official press release dated
today, the Imperial Navy announced that enemy action in-system had ceased,
with the exception of minor engagements in the outer fringes.

"Mopping up of these forces is proceeding apace," one official stated off
the record. [JTAS #19]

Rhylanor/Rhylanor (0306-A434934-F) Date: 348-1109

A major Zhodani task force was badly mauled in the attempt to retake the
Calit system (which was liberated by Imperial forces earlier this year.)
Enemy forces were "dealt a serious blow" in the words of one officer.
Imperial and Colonial forces in the Calit system were evidently heavily
reinforced after the battle to retake the system.

No information is available concerning the battle or any casualties among
the forces involved. [JTAS #19]

  Some material on this page is from the Traveller game system and is used
     with permission. Traveller is a registered trademark of Far Future
 Enterprises. (R)1977-1996 Far Future Enterprises. Portions of this material
             are Copyright (c)1977-1996 Far Future Enterprises.

                           JTAS 15 material (c)1983
                           JTAS 16 material (c)1983
                           JTAS 17 material (c)1983
                           JTAS 18 material (c)1983
                           JTAS 19 material (c)1983
