Traveller News Service - 1112

DENTUS/REGINA (0601-C979500-A) DATE: 063-1112

Informed sources today leaked information indicating that the group of
renegade Vargr which have eluded capture since the end of the recent war
has probably fled the Spinward Marches for parts unknown. Several alleged
members of the group were reputed to have been captured when they attempted
to hijack a merchant ship near here late last year, and have been held
incommunicado since that time.

Admiralty public relations officer Captain Gaviin Ammern refused to comment
when asked why the capture of some of the renegades has been kept secret
for so long. [Challenge/JTAS 25]

QUAR/CHRONOR (0808-B532720-B) DATE: 092-1112

In an official statement issued today, the Imperial government formally
declared all worlds in the Regina, Jewell, and Lanth subsectors to have
reverted to their pre-war travel classifications.

With this proclamation, the last of the emergency proclamations promulgated
during the recent war are withdrawn, and life in the Marches returns to
normal. [Challenge/JTAS 25]

REGINA/REGINA (0310-A788899-A) DATE: 102-1112

A dispatch from Terra/Sol (0207-A867A69-F) dated 121-1111 reads "The first
known victim to survive direct exposure to hyperspace arrived at Terra
today, suffering from what medical experts are calling 'Hyperspace
sickness'. Naval commander Ansel Churner, an engineering officer on his way
to retirement on Prometheus, is being held in strict quarantine until
specialists can determine the specific effects the exposure will have.
Doctors working on the case are qouted as saying that preliminary tests
indicate that Cdr. Churner is in good condition, but is not mobile".

"Three members of the engineering department on the Tyrol, a Rome, Inc.
luxery liner, were killed. Circumstances of their deaths have not been
released at this time".

Admiralty spokesmen at Regina refused to comment on the dispatch.
[Challenge/JTAS 26]

REGINA/REGINA (0310-A788899-A) DATE: 140-1112

A dispatch from Terra/Sol (0207-A867A69-F) dated 130-1111 reads: "The
Starship Accident Inspection Team (SAIT) of Australia Down Starport has
been officially relieved of its duties in the inspection of the Tyrol, a
Rome Inc. Luxery liner which suffered mysterious damage while in hyperspace
en route to this world/ The Naval Attache to Terra, Captain Winston of
Duncanhood, Earl of Lardher, officially relieved the SAIT and replaced them
with his own team of specialists, including a number of civilian
representatives from the Beta Draconis Industries. Heavy security measures,
including marine guards, have been implemented, and all access to the Tyrol
has been cut off to observers.

Meanwhile medical specialists at the Demosthenes Naval Hospital have
confirmed the gradual recovery of Commander Churner from the almost total
loss of equilibrium he suffered as a result of exposure to hyprespace."
[Challenge/JTAS 27]

REGINA/REGINA (0310-A788899-A) DATE: 142-1112

A dispatch from Terra/Sol (0207-A867A69-F) dated 132-1111 reads: "The
remains of the three engineering crew who were killed in the mysterious
mishap on board the Tyrol were identified today as First Mate Jerrance
Willan of Hell/Sol, Second Mate Elizabeth Maeer of Prometheus, and Cargo
Specialist Albaret Michaelsson of Terra/Sol. Their remains are being held
pending the conclusion of medical investigation, after which they will be
released to their families. [Challenge/JTAS 27]

Traveller News Service is another Imperium-wide benefit of membership in
the Travellers' Aid Society.

  Some material on this page is from the Traveller game system and is used
     with permission. Traveller is a registered trademark of Far Future
 Enterprises. (R)1977-1996 Far Future Enterprises. Portions of this material
             are Copyright (c)1977-1997 Far Future Enterprises.

                        JTAS 25 material (c)1985-1986
