
Kanorb (2733) has a long history of settlement and fractious politics.
Kanorb was a stronghold of Vilani noble houses in the First Imperium; it
withdrew from interstellar commerce early in the Rule of Man period. When
the Solomani attempted to re-integrate Kanorb by force, the population put
up fierce resistance. The Solomani Navy was so overtaxed by the vastness of
the Second Imperium that they were never able to muster enough force to
fight a conclusive battle with Kanorb. After the Rule of Man fell, several
of the Vilani Lords began quarrelling with each other, no longer having a
common cause to unite them. The world disintegrated into dozens of
squabbling nations in the Long Night. The Third Imperium first
re-established trade relations with the nation Eshlepur, on the northern
continent. Most of the major powers had resumed interstellar trade before
the Collapse, acting independently under sometimes contradictory
agreements. Smaller nations had grouped themselves into spheres of
influence around superpowers who possessed starports. Languages have
diverged sharply from the original Vilani; some fifty dialects are now
spoken on the planet. The onslaught of Virus was not kind to Kanorb, whose
many competing starports and docked ships were hit hard by Viral infection.
Subsequent attacks on the population left no nation untouched and many
completely destroyed. The surviving population of the planet live in remote
areas, further establishing the fractious character of Kanorb.

