
UAAM  0940  A579546-E  Ni 814 Im M2 V

PRIMARY: Major - Rhaiyo. Spectral class M2 V, mass 0.426,
luminosity 0.386.

UAAM: Mean orbital radius 0.20 AU. Period 111.922 Std Days.
Diameter 8,320 Km. Mass 0.549 terra. Rocky core, density 2.250.
Mean surface gravity 1.41g. Rotation period 15hrs 33min 20sec.
Axial inclination 38 deg. Energy absorption 0.62. Surface
atmospheric pressure 1.100, composition Oxygen/Nitrogen mix.
Satellites; One. Bhaioi, orbit 30, size 510km.

Planet is divided into two continents. One polar and desolate,
the other sparsely populated and covered with jungles and thick
rainforests. The deserted eastern side of the continent holds
several vast, mostly automated open-cast mines. There are very
high quality radio-actives to be found in the rock under the
seabed, and a number of deep sea mining installations have been
developed specifically to mine them. The southwestern jungles
support the Jala'lak; an indigenous native race, which is subject
to some controversy. The Jala'lak are peaceful and live in
harmony with the jungle. they are a race of large simians. The
forests they live in are filled with temples, apparently to their
various gods and the University of Ushra maintains a base there
in order to better study this fascinating neolithic race. The
Jala'lak can also be found on Giirakh/Zeda 0325 (B86768-C) but
for an as yet inexplicable reason, their temper is vastly
different - much more savage, even cannibalistic. Clearly they
are not native to Giirakh and consequently are the subject of
much debate.

