
Argi        1431 A330ACC-F  N Hi Na Po De       904 Im G0 V M1 D

Gas giant satellite. Argi has been extensively colonised with vast 
underground city complexes (The interlinked cavern cities are 
generally known as Pellucidar). The planet was originally colonised by 
Vilani nobles during the First Imperium and retained much of their 
technology during the period known as the Long Night. This gradually 
evolved into the Aakhri Empire which perverted the Vilani caste system 
into a slave-based economy. The Empire used its technology to enslave 
much of Argi and Sapphyre subsectors. Over the centuries they became 
utterly dependent on their slaves for every aspect of their life, 
including military service. At the time of their collapse, the planetary 
population was composed mainly of slaves ruled over by a small, 
decadent master class. The revolt, when it occurred, was quick and 
bloody. The few surviving Aakhri families were forbidden from ever 
again owning property or position. Most modern day Argian's are 
descendants of the freed slaves and the few remaining Aakhri are only 
to be found in menial positions or acting as "Servicians" - 
prostitutes. Aakhri can only leave Argi if they can each supply a MCr. 
1 bond to "re-pay" the Argian people for their historical suffering. 
Most Argian's (except Aakhri) wear silver torcs, encoded with their 
clan, occupation and status using an eight band colour code, as a 
reminder of their origins. Within fifty years of the Aakhri revolt the 
Argian economy was on the edge of collapse. At this point several 
clans of Solomani merchants (of Chinese descent) arrived and over the 
next two hundred years revitalised the Argian economy until Argi has 
become the largest manufacturer of technical equipment in the sector.
Today these Merchant Princes (Tai-pan) have become the official rulers 
of Argi.

