
Anomaly       1633 C9E7366-C  S Lo Ni Fl           812 Dr M2 V

Conditions on this world are both harsh and baffling. The planet as a 
whole appears to have been distorted into an ellipsoidal shape in the 
geologically recent past. What is more puzzling, is that there is no 
nearby moon or gas giant which could have caused the distortion, and 
there is no indication of a recent impact on the surface. The 
planetary crust has been shattered, and measurements indicate 
cataclysmic tremors on the surface as the planet "relaxes" to a 
spherical shape through its own self-gravity. Orbital surveys also 
show unusual density anomalies.

Since the system is in a little-travelled side branch of the 
Dagudashaag Main, it is only since the mid-700's that the I.I.S.S. has 
made any significant effort to investigate the planet. The Scouts also 
provide technical support ( in a somewhat half-hearted fashion ) to 
the several Droyne oytripin present insystem. Some of the Droyne 
research the planet, whilst others undertake small-scale mining 
insystem. The I.I.S.S. have only just begun to realise the 
significance of the system. An expedition to the planet's surface in 
1112 made an astonishing discovery - an array of "cables" some 1700 
km. long, buried in the planetary crust at a depth of about 4m. The 
cables are composed of monadium, the same material as was found at the 
Ancient base on Antiquity/Ian, in Corridor Sector.

REFEREE'S INFORMATION

The Ancient's originally intended to transport Anomaly via Jumpspace to 
the Medurma/Pact system, where it would have formed part of a three 
world rosette. The experiments were interrupted by the Final war and 
the distortion of the planetary crust was caused by the "arcing" of 
jump energy from the field cables implanted in the crust. TL16 high 
penetration densitometer readings have shown a number of artificial 
voids at about a 20km depth, but this information has not been made 
public.

