
HISTORY

Due to its size and lack of apparent resources the planet was initially named
Shudu and then ignored throughout the First and Second Imperium.
It was eventually colonised as a frontier post during the Medurman Pact and
at that time a discovery of fine platinum and gold caused a minor rush. Due
to the nature of the planet and the need to import all water, in the form of
ice from the rings of Kaltra, only the traders got rich. It was they who
built the first pyramid cities and began building electronic manufacturing
sites on planet. Several Megacorporations bought in and gradually absorbed
the original companies. The pure silicon desert, dry climate and ready supply
of pure metals made it an ideal manufacturing site and within a short period
of time seven companies had virtually total control of the planet. The large
Eurasian population was imported from Argi and Sapphyre subsectors to act as
cheap labour. Within 100 years Shudu had become a major force in the domestic
electronics market making cheap tri-vee's, holorecorders etc as well as a
major exporter of electrical components.. In 485 Shudu entered the main
political arena when Emperor Cleon IV elected Himuu Asaria as Sector Duke of
Dagudashaag and granted him a free hand to "deal with" the deposed Duke Tarak
Viisarikaa who had refused to accept his succession to the throne. He
unleashed Admiral Jenkins who ordered the nuclear destruction of Sennii city
in the mistaken belief that the deposed duke was sheltering there. Over
32,000,000 died as a result. The city was totally destroyed. Reduced to a
plain of glass. As a reminder of this terrible tragedy the planet was renamed
Dashi (Japanese: Great Death).

In 1117 the planet, under the guidance of Interstellarms, geared up to
produce electronic military equipment, primarily for Medurman forces.

