
Every galaxy has a uwp.dat file which defines the basic uwp stats
used by that galaxy (the ones that normally appear in blue on the
left side of the subsector map display). You can define up to
fifteen (15) of these stats in the uwp.dat file. Here is one
example of an entry used in gals\classic\uwp.dat:

Law Level
pos=26 00
0 = No Prohibitions
1-3 = Low
4-7 = Moderate
8-9 = High
A-D = Extreme
E-G = Police State
H-P = Slave State

In this instance, the law level of the world is being defined. The
"pos=26 00" line simply says that the law level stat (in the
subsector files) is in the 26th position (i.e. column) and is not
modified by any other stat. Note that the "00" could have been
excluded. Alternately, a color code could have been added. Putting
"pos=26 00 14" would be an example of this, the "14" making the
stat appear in bright yellow. Here's a list of valid color codes:

 00  Black    04  Red       08  Dark Grey     12  Light Red
 01  Blue     05  Magenta   09  Light Blue    13  Light Magenta
 02  Green    06  Brown     10  Light Green   14  Light Yellow
 03  Cyan     07  White     11  Light Cyan    15  Bright White

For another example, let's look at the population entry:

Population
pos=24 52
0 = ?
1 = ?0
2 = ?00
3 = ?,000
4 = ?0,000
5 = ?00,000
6 = ? million
7 = ?0 million
8 = ?00 million
9 = ? billion
A = ?0 billion

Here, the population stat is at the 24th column of the subsector
files, but it is modified by the entry at the 52nd column which is
the population multiplier. The program basically takes whatever it
finds in the 52nd column and puts it in place of the "?".

Note that sector directories may also have uwp.dat files, and the
format is much the same. The gals\classic\beyond\uwp.dat file is a
good example. It adds various codes to various uwp stats
previously defined in gals\classic\uwp.dat. For example, under
atmosphere is has:

Atmosphere
D = Carbon Dioxide
M = Methane
R = Radioactive
V = Variable

In this example, we see that four codes are added to the atmosphere
stat. In sector level uwp.dat files, you may add codes and/or
supersede the ones given in the uwp.dat file at the galaxy level.
Note, however, that the "pos" entry is not used, so that you may
not stick entirely new stats into the picture.

Two more things: (1) The UWP editor, which can be called from
Galactic, makes the assumptions that you aren't changing things
around too heinously (it reads the uwp.dat files, but it also reads
data\export.dat and makes all the usual assumptions when it comes
up with the trade codes). Hence, it may begin to run into trouble
if you go overboard on stat customization. (2) Also, each stat may
only have up to forty codes. A range, such as A-C counts as only
one code, not three, however, if you define A-C as one thing in the
gals\classic\uwp.dat and define it as another thing in
gals\classic\beyond\uwp.dat, that counts as two separate codes
because the program will attempt to keep track of both entries.

