
Naeztir (2920) lies a full 6 parsecs away from it's closest neighbor, Farr
(2319). Lying within the depths of the Windhorn, it has become a haven for
those seeking refuge from the tumultuousness of Vargr society. It is a
haven for political fugitives, religious heretics, hermits, and other
ideological misfits. Despite the fact that the ideologies of the refugees
range all over the spectrum, each group respects the others' rights to
sovereignty and access to the starport. During the Collapse, those seeking
to escape the reach of Virus began to arrive. Immigration alone has tripled
the world's population.

All new arrivals seeking to establish a homestead must apply for
citizenship, which is then voted upon by each of the nation states. The
process can take anywhere from 2 weeks to 3 months and helps to weed out
those whose "agenda" would directly interfere with the rights of other
nation states. In the meantime, applicants remain at the starport, which
lies within neutral territory.

Naeztir has continued to conduct an extremely limited amount of trade with
the worlds in the Uzasuen subsector. There is a communal pool of starships,
bolstered by the influx of refugees. These starships are maintained by the
Engineers Union and are loaned out on a first come, first serve basis. Only
25% of these ships are allowed out at a time and only the modified Jump 3
ships (gutted for double fuel tanks) at that. Being impractical to operate
on a commercial basis, they tend to only be used for important ventures.
The 4 remaining jump 6 ships are for emergency use only.

