
Vorvoun Subsector: The Vorvoun Subsector has an estimated population in
1202 of approximately 1.2 billion, a decline of 95.7% from its Pre-Collapse
population. Aekaedho has the highest population (500 million)while Vorvoun
has the highest tech level rating (10). The Vorvoun subsector had an
estimated population in 1120 of approximately 27 billion. Its highest
population was 9 billion at Knak and Aelues. Vorvoun had the highest tech
level (15).

Subsector Notes:

From 1115-1120, the Jihad of Faarzgaen invaded and enslaved three worlds:
Ghaez-Larrgh (903), Aedzuedza (904), and Doughaerr (906). By 1120, 75% of
the population of Ghaez-Larrgh had either been enslaved or killed (Vilani &
Vargr pg54). By 1121, the entire population of Aedzueda had been killed. By
1122, the entire population of Doughaerr had either been enslaved or
killed. The butchering and enslavement of Ghaez-Larrgh continued until only
a few hundred thousand people remained. This became the breeder pool for
future slaves.

In need of more "hard assets," the Jihad began to expand trailward in 1125.
They began to attack Kugh (1002) and Aeleus (1003). Gen Rungakh, the newly
appointed regional governor, put a stop to it. As the first step towards
re-integrating the two warring factions back into the Empire, further
expansion had to be halted. Forced to fight a war on two fronts, the Jihad
weakened. Although the Jihad resumed their attacks after the peace
negotiations failed in 1131, they were not able to capture any other worlds
before Virus wiped them out in 1135.

Local corsairs which traded with the Jihad of Faarzgaen often received
unusual forms of payment: gems, precious metals, and even slaves. The bases
at Viksougu (1009), Eg Orrou (1108), and Adhkfurral (1201) profited from
this arrangement. Today, they're in bad shape. The base at Eg Orrou was
completely wiped out by Virus. The downport at Viksougu came alive and
kills anyone that tries to enter it. The support structure for the base in
the mountains of Adhkfurral was blasted by Vampire ships. Those present
fell with it as it slid down into the crushing pressures of the lower
elevations. The population at Viksougu is 55 and the population at
Adhkfurral is 85. Neither of these populations is large enough to sustain a
healthy gene pool. Without an influx of Vargr, or escape, these populations
will gradually die off.

