
Floria (0213) is homeworld to a human minor race notable for their
dimorphism. The ruling group, the Barnai, are short and weak, while the
workforce is comprised of Feskals, large, muscular, and unintelligent.
Other minor details of anatomy also set them apart from the rest of
humanity.

Although accusations of slavery or exploitation might be voiced in Imperial
society, the relationship between Banai and Feskals is perfectly acceptable
to both parties. High ethical standards, combine with the stoic Floriani
demeanor to foster cooperation and solidarity in defiance of physical
differences.

The Floriani are also noteworthy for their unusual path of technological
development. Highly advanced in the realms of transportation and weaponry,
the Floriani are abnormally backward in the life sciences. Within the
Florian League, the masses have odd notions toward technology, and all the
Floriani instinctively shy away from true research. Even creativity in the
arts is a rarity.

The Floriani expansion began in -170, when Barnai technicians managed to
duplicate a jump drive, found in a wrecked Aslan ship. Contact with the
Imperium followed in 185. The Florian League itself was formed in 506. The
League is governed by a hierarchy of councils, where councilors are chosen
from among the Barnai populace by lottery. [TD 19]

The Florian League has successfully deterred the Aslan from encroaching
further into their territory. It is rumored that the Florians demonstrated
to the Aslan the power of their considerable arsenel of Ancient artifact
weaponry as well as their own formidable imitations. With the Aslan
chomping at the bit to tear across the Rift back into the old Hierate, the
Floriani are eager for any opportunity to regain their lost territory.

