
RANIB

Ranib subsector is one of the more remote regions of the territory the
Aslan Ihatei conquered during the Rebellion. Clan dominance of the region
is diffuse, resulting from the fact that this was one of the first regions
they conquered during the Aorlakht invasion. Eager to usurp this poorly
defended region, Aslan from a multitude of clans burst into the systems of
Ranib and lay down their roots. Owing to the large number of clans present
here, the politics of the region are particularly convoluted, but
surprisingly the region suffers little from internecine warfare.

The Ikhtealyo clan of Ftewiri (0132) has historically been motivated by
establishing strong trade ties and building a healthy peacetime economy.
Clan members on this world have been actively trying to build consensus on
efforts to develop lasting trade ties between all the Ihatei who have
settled this region in an agreement known as the Ranib Concord.

The Ikhtealyo have had a great deal of success collaborating with the
Tralyeaeawi clan contingent at Iysewekh (0640), but the Syoisuis of Eaweiya
(0335) have proven to be somewhat of a stumbling block. The Syoisuis do not
seem terribly interested in subscribing to a plan that they did not author
and have been actively involved in trying to subvert attempts by the tiny
Ikhtealyo contingent to build the Concord.

The de facto Tlaukhu headquarters of the subsector, Floakh (0236) is
complacent on the issue. The reigning Tlaukhu council there, dominated by
an alliegance of the Khaukheairl and Hlyueawi clans seems more interested
in collaborating on an arms build-up for an eventual trans-rift crossing
back into the old Hierate. The poor starport quality of the planet gives
them little ability to manufacture new transport for such a venture, but
they have willing Tlaukhu shipyards at Ehearye (0633) that are spending
copious resources building warships for the planned crusade to reconquer
traditional Aslan territory.

