
Mirillas
--------

Mirillas 4-C is just a moon without much of anything to write
home about. Except, of course, for the secret viral research
facility which Lord Trulane of Denubius is running. This facility
has two components, one orbital and the other dirtside.

The orbital station, Mirillas Station, houses sixteen people.
It's in orbit around Mirillas 4, one of the system's three gas
giants. The station's purpose is to provide a small maintenance
facility for any ships that wander through as well as to keep
tabs on any unusual traffic.

The dirtside facility is situated on the Gas Giant's third moon.
Referred to as EnkiLab by the few who know of its existence, it
is viewed with a mixture of curiosity and apprehension. All of
the people in the orbital station know about it only to the
extent that they know some form of biological research is done
there and that they aren't supposed to talk about it among
strangers. Eight personnel work there on a relatively permanent
basis, the only other people being the test subjects who are
considered transient (mainly in terms of their life expectancy).

Mirillas is technically funded by the BioGen Corporation which is
based at Raleigh, however, Lord Trulane, a significant
stockholder, is the main person behind this funding. The board
believes that he's conducting secret testing of Biogen
pharmaceuticals (necessary testing which might cause a PR-stir if
news of it ever leaked). That his main focus is viral-research is
unknown even to them.

