First Interstellar War (2110 AD to 2118 AD)

The war started accidentally over a minor incident on Barnard. Initially the
Vilani Diikagkarunii (provincial governor) paid little attention to it,
deploying most of their limited forces in an attempt to counter the Terrans
commerce raiding rather than concentrating their forces to invade the Terrans
territory. By comparison the Terrans were frantically committing everything
they had to the war, whilst desperately attempted to close the technological
gap between themselves and the Vilani. The Terrans quickly expelled the
Vilani from Barnard and the fighting settled down to an attritional battle as
the Vilani were content for the most part to contain the frequent Terran
attacks; themselves only launching the occasional offensive attempting to
breakthrough the Terran perimeter. None of these Vilani offensives contained
sufficient forces to defeat the Terran defenders and the Terrans were able to
repulse them all, even though they took a heavy toll on their forces. During
the later years of the war the Terrans realised that they were unable to face
the Vilani in open battle. As a result of this weakness they concentrated
their efforts on commerce raiding, the one area they had achieved success in.
The Vilani have not encountered an opponent able to range so deeply into
their territory before and failed to take adequate counter measures.
Eventually these raids began to result in significant economic dislocation
and the Vilani governor, concerned at the continuing drain on the provinces
economy made peace in 2118 AD, conceding Terran control over Barnard.