
[2107-2181  Corporate Science]

Throughout the 21st century, the vast majority of critical
research in the sciences was conducted with government funds, yet
beginning in 2107, corporations took the lead role in developing
emerging technologies. In 2107, Femm Biolabs in the United
Kingdom engineered a new species of algae which not only helped
reverse global warming during the 22nd century's period of
increased thermal-energy pollution, but also technologically
paved the way for sea farming. In 2122, cryogenic suspension was
refined to the point where long-term freezing became both
feasible and relatively safe. In the early 40's, several
breakthroughs in synaptic-electric links made artificial
prothesis of both limbs and major organs more feasible, and by
the middle 50's, the human mind could be connected directly to
computers for the transmission or retrieval of data. The 60's saw
the advent of limb and organ regeneration, and by the 70's
startling progress had been made on total body rejuvenation,
enabling individuals to live up to 200 years. Yet it was in 2181
that the corporate science achieved its crowning glory: the
development of gravitic technology. Though it wasn't for another
three centuries that the science behind the phenomenon was
understood, this step opened an entirely new field of technology,
revolutionizing the global transportation industry almost
overnight.

