
Kind words from the Net
-----------------------


"Just downloaded your program and tried it out.... I think you've
just made my life as a referee a lot easier."

   - Charles Colin


"I'm amazingly impressed. Thanks!!"

   -John Snead


"This is incredible! I'm going to get a lot of use out of this,
and a lot of pleasure, too. One happy gamer here!"

   -Shelby Michlin


"What can I say... an absolutely brilliant piece of work.... Well
done, and thanks for writing it."

   - Michael Bailey


"Galactic is everything I hoped! Pretty, elegant, and fast; THANK
YOU! I hope to start generating sectors ASAP (my wife predicts I
will be on the machine a couple hours every day; she knows me too
well!). Let me know when you get the new version done (I'm
waiting anxiously!). I'll probably join the Traveller mailing
list this weekend as well (I decided to stay home and work on
Galactic rather than go to Gencon -- more fun, and cheaper to
boot!)."

   - Dakin Burdick


"I've written some traveller related programs too.... and your
program is the most straight forward, useful, and flexible
program I've run into.... all the more amazing since it's written
in the easiest language ever designed! I hope you don't mind, but
I'm looking into some new wrinkles that you might like, and I'll
send you the source code when it's finished. I just wanted to let
you know that your work is appreciated... especially since your
program is written in such a way that it almost screams for input
from anyone that sees it... THAT'S the very thing that'll keep
Traveller going and growing... people like sewing the seeds
that'll keep all of us thinking.... Thanks!!"

   - Russ

