
UWP Strainer v1.0
Public Domain 1997 Jim Vassilakos
jimv@empirenet.com
-----------------------------------------------------------------

The UWP Strainer was written primarily for play-by-email referees
who want to distribute a sector or individual subsectors to their
players, but who want to hide some of the UWP stats before doing
so. Via this program, you can overwrite particular columns of world
and/or non-world data.

For example, you could create a uwp.dat file in your sector (such
as included with the gals\classic\beyond sector) which defines the
question mark (?) to be a legal value for every UWP stat. Then you
could use this program to "strain" all the usual UWP stats out of
the subsector data files and replace them all with question marks,
hence showing your players the positions of the various stars but
not much else. This is useful for exploration-based campaigns where
the players-characters are visiting new worlds for the first time.
You may even want to strain out all the world names by changing
them all to a single period "." (Galactic will interpret such a
world as unnamed).

Use the arrow keys to move around. Use any of the alpha-numeric or
punctuation keys to modify either of the two "null-strings" shown
in green. An example world and an example non-world, both shown in
blue, will automatically adjust as you modify these "null-strings",
showing you the practical effects of your modifications.

When you are finally finished, hit the "insert" key. The program
will create a "strained" directory under the map directory in the
sector you are working on, and it will put all the strained
subsector files there, using the same file names as were used for
these files in the map directory. If you want these new files to
take effect, you'll have to manually copy them to the map directory
(make sure you keep a backup of the old ones somewhere).

If you have any questions, feel free to write...

jimv@empirenet.com

