
Turin X623000-0

Turin was the capital of the Turin Consolidation. The Consolidation was a
major member state of the Solomani Confederation. The Consolidation began
with a group of religious emigres who fled Terra during the Interstellar
Wars. Bearing many relics and cultural icons with them, the Turin
settlers never wavered in their piety. The Consolidation was the home of
the Brotherhood of SenWenclus, an ancient religious order, and the elite
fighting force called the Knights of St. George.

The Brotherhood and the Knights worked hand in hand in spreading their
faith across human space. The Brotherhood's priests often called on the
Knights to help "convert" worlds unresponsive to the message. During the
First Solomani Rim War, the Knights stood among the Solomani's fiercest
fighters. Absolutely committed to their cause, the Knights underwent at
least five years of rigorous religious and military schooling.

With the Collapse, Turin became uninhabitable. Many of the Knights
of St. George gave their lives in an effort to relocate the inhabitants
of Turin to other more habitable worlds in the subsector. While many
billions still died, many millions were saved due to their sacrifice.

Today, the descendents of the surviving Knights have reconstituted
the Order with their headquarters on Bali. Still adhering to rigorous
religious schooling of the past, their role as warriors has been
diminished (though not completely eliminated) in favor of one that
includes training the inhabitants of the subsector in the ways of relic
technology, and assisting wherever possible with the subsector's recovery.
The Knights operate a number of small starships which they use to travel
through out the surrounding region.

