
Darukaash Zen (1120) planet is inhabited by the Peikderzoon, a minor race. 
They survive in the low pressure atmosphere by storing oxygen in a body 
fat-like molecule. They charge up this substance with oxygen when they 
sleep, and use it to supplement the oxygen they breathe while active 
during the day. The Solomani never found any trace of their fossils on 
the planet, and hypothesise that the world was colonised, the Peikderzoon 
being altered to fit the environment. They have recently started to use 
compressors to allow them to extend their active period. Talking to a 
'Zoon can be a trying experience - they do not have to stop for breath 
as often as a Human would. Beltanians call them 'Rabbiters' as they tend 
to 'rabbit on'. 

Beltan has built a minor Starport here, but their Solomani mistrust of
other races has held up development of the world. This world was 
incorporated into the Empire as an 'Isolated Territory' in 1189. With the
death of the Empire's dictator in 1200 it was granted full membership. The
Navy has started using the Peikderzoon as spacehands - they can stay outside
a ship on maintenance for four times as long as a human given the same 
standard of Vacc Suit. The Navy plans to use a force consisting of largely
of 'Rabbiters' to recover Jump Drive manufacturing equipment from Drydock 
(1211). If they prove successful it should prove a boon for both the
Empire and race relations. Darukaash Zen is run by a very efficient 
Bureaucracy, the high law level reflects more on the measures needed to 
survive on such a harsh world.

