 
                                  Livonia

                               UPP: E24673D-7

                              by Eamon Watters

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
This world has been in Beltan's sphere of influence since the late 50's.
Navy vessels patrolled the system to secure the Empire's spinward flank.
The Empire had neither the resources or inclination to bring the world into
the Empire during it's expansion in the last quarter of the 1100's, besides
- it was outside the 2 parsec radius from Beltan that the Empire's Dictator
had mandated as it's limits. Livonia recieves little trade from Beltan's
Merchants, Werlt and Arcadia provide the Empire with agricultural products.
In 1201, the new ruler of the Empire signed a treaty with the leader of
Livonia's oligarchy. Livonia was free to rule itself, save that the Empire
provided protection, and direction in foreign policy. A monitoring station
has been set up on the innermost of Livonia's moons, and the Empire is
building a military base there, which should be complete by 1203. With it's
completion trade should increase through the system, as recovery missions
to spinward stage through the base. What percentage of trade the Livonians
see may be limited.

The world itself saw little damage in the Collapse, and it's starport was
left to decay as the Ranchers who ruled the planet launched a crackdown to
control the apocalyptic cults that threatened to bring anarchy to the
world. Unfortunately this was done without subtlety or compassion. Nowadays
the disorder on the planet is minimal, but there are occasional terrorist
acts. the rule of law is still harsh, and Empire citizens are advised to be
cautious on the planet. There are rumors of a resistance group operating in
the wild regions in the centre of the world's only continent.
        
