
                                 Alexandria

                                 C674465-A

                              by Eamon Watters

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Alexandria (1216) was used to train Confederation Marines in all aspects of
Ground Combat. The Naval Base supported this, and was more like a
commercial starport in some respects, dealing with the off loading of Cargo
and Troops.

During the Second Rim War it gained an additional role. It supported the
'Ghost Fleet', a collection of heavily up-gunned Imperial Merchant Vessels.
These would join self protection convoys in imperial space, identify the
best targets, and capture them, destroying those ships not worth bothering
about.

The planet's computer suicided in the collapse, and the Naval Base was
reactivated in 1156 to support recovery operations into the Coreward half
of the Subsector, and to patrol the Zanzumah - Karden spur of the Main. The
planet has provided Beltan with top rate ground weaponry, from Grav Tanks
to Powered Armour. The Planetary Governor allowed the covert operation of
Beltanian Merchant vessels into the Coreward and Antispinward reaches of
the Sector during the lean years when the Empire restricted trade to within
it's boundaries. Now it is a major hub for the relic trade. Most of the
population either works in the Naval Base or on recovery missions on the
planet.

Fleet assets at Alexandria include the Q-Ship Covert Seeker , two Crusader
Class Destroyers, and five patrol cruisers. The remnants of the Q-ships
also stationed there include a Bulk Freighter, two Frontier Traders, and
four Phantom Class Far Traders. A sizeable Ramrod SDB squadron also defends
the system.

