     
                                  Glassend

                                 X726000-0

                              by Lewis Roberts

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Elements of the Solomani 99th Fleet out of Aldebaran Sector were moved to
Glassend (3102) in late 1120 to prevent raids from Imperial space. The
expected raids never materialized, and the fleet spent the war in relative
comfort and safety.

This safety ended when Virus arrived. After the fleet was infected, the now
Vampire fleet, spent 12 days bombarding the surface of the planet. This
exterminated the entire biosphere, and left most of the land a glassy
rubble.

After their the glorious victory the Vampires began to fight amongst
themselves. Some of the ships still fancied themselves Solomani, the rest
wanted to be independent of the humans. The fact that these self proclaimed
Solomani, had just exterminated an entire planet of humans, didn't enter
into the discussion. These Vampires were quite unstable.

The fight lasted for several weeks, at the end, many of the ships had been
heavily damaged. Those with still functioning jump engines formed an
alliance, and left the system in search of Imperial planets to destroy.
Those with destroyed jump engines, or those battle riders and fighters
whose tenders had been destroyed stayed behind. Today many of these are
still functioning. They wait, for any incoming ship which they destroy.
Most of the Vampires sleep a great deal of the time, ie they power down and
just use minimal power. This lowers their equipment failure rate, and has
allowed them to survive to this day.

There are two hundred thousand ton battle riders, three cruisers, five
escorts under ten thousand tons and 46 fighters and small craft. All in
all, they make for a very effective roadblock on the Alba Main.

