Vrynsyss: Language of the Eslyat minor race of the
Vanguard Reaches. Vrynsyss was originally the ceremonial
tongue of Sesshayr, the state religion, designed by the
prophet Sansdantka. Few non-Eslyat are skilled in this
unusual language and its shades of meaning. Vrynsyss, while
simple to speak and write, is intricate in its grammatical
characteristics.  The changing of one or two letters in a
verb changes meaning drastically.  Verbs conjugate with the
use of endings and have no intrinsic person, number or
gender.  For example, "fenser" (walk, walks, will walk),
"fenshyf" (do, [does, will,] not walk), "fenssendy" (walk
[imperative]), "fenslule" (I will walk or let us walk), or
"fenskyes" (walk, has [have] walked). Such grammatical
features as subject and object are expressed as case
distinctions with particles added to the ends of words. For
example, "ceskessi" (a man), "ceskessa" (of a man),
"ceskesso" (from a man). Most of these endings are irregular
in form and must be learned by rote memorization. Personal
pronouns have a complex and intricate system, depending upon
the social relationship of the addresser and addressee,
including sex and age of the speaker.

(reproduced by permission of the author, Chuck Kallenbach II)
