IMSC Patrol Service document 10268-e
Rasilon - Restricted Information
Access level - RI47a

During the Second Dark Age, Rasilon came to be dominated by an oligarchy of
psionically adept "wizards". In order to prevent widespread contamination of
Imperial culture, the IMSC recommended that the world be interdicted (see
Interdiction Decree 2141-513). All public documents have been modified to
ensure that this information remains secret. The facade that the world is
interdicted to protect a developing culture is maintained, but no access to
the world will be permitted. In the unlikely event of a determined academic
application for access, delaying tactics will be employed. Should this fail
to deter the applicant, pressure will be brought to bear on their superiors
and if neccessary a smear campaign against the individual shall be used. In
extreme cases, direct action may be taken against the individual; though this
must be authorised by the Director General, IMSC Security Branch.

Due to budgetary cutbacks, the interdiction is now maintained by five
automated interdiction satellites orbiting Rasilon itself, three orbiting
each of the four gas giants and 10 others scattered throughout the system
(giving a total of 27 in all) and an automated internment satellite orbiting
the largest gas giant (for the crews of vessels which might misjump into the
system). While the internment satellite is unarmed, the interdiction
satellites are armed with nuclear missiles. The satellites are serviced and
restocked by an IMSC ship once every three months. The interdiction
satellites will assume that any ship entering the system has misjumped, but
failure to refuel and leave immediately; or to proceed directly to the
internment satellite if this is not possible, will result in an attack by the
interdiction satellites.

