Jakob is interdicted to suppress an ongoing rebellion against Karadzic rule.
Despite Karadzic claims that the rebelion has been defeated it is widely
know that this is not the case. The rebellion is still very much alive,
though the overwhelming conventional strength of the Karadzic forces have
forced them to adopt a guerilla strategy.

The interdiction is maintained by a sizable Karadzian squadron, and any
attempts to land on Jakob without proper authorisation will result in
destruction. However the Karadzic bureaucracy is notoriously corrupt and
authorisation can be obtained by suitable bribes on Karadzic itself. Even
with the proper authorisation, any vessel entering the system will be boarded
for inspection and it is wise to be prepared to bribe the inspectors.

Any ship landing on Jakob will be directed to Podabrad Down Starport. There
the vessel will remain under heavy guard to prevent the unloading of
contraband. However, as with most aspects of Karadzic society, these guards
are suceptable to bribery. Foreign nationals will not be permitted to leave
Podabrad Down startown, though again bribery an overcome this. Locals are also
not permitted to enter Podabrod Down startown without a special permit.
However it is still possible to engage in speculative trade on Jakob. A large
number of local brokers still regularly visit startown; and cargo can be
obtained and sold through these brokers. A Jakob broker will generally charge
between 5% and 20% of the value of the cargo for their services. The Karadzic
goverment charges a 5% tax on all cargos bought or sold on Jakob.

Any ship approaching Jakob will notice several irradiatied hulks in orbit and
will easily be able to detect a number of radioactive hot spots on the
surface. Any inquires as to these will almost certainly result in arrest and
execution or a lengthy imprisonment.
