
A Quick Introduction to the Gushemege Sector
-------------------------------------------- 

Gushemege lies along the trailing edge of the Great Rift, lying
just to rimward of Vland. As a result much of its early history
was dominated by the Vilani, although the Loeskalth and the Smrii
also played their part. Solomani expeditions arrived in Lagan
subsector around -2223 PI. During the Long Night the Lancian
culture was born, and during the Third Imperium the sector had a
relatively quiet and successful time. The rebellion saw immense
devastation, with large conflicts between the fleets of Lucan,
Strephon and Dulinor, and many sectors were turned into Warzones
and even Black Warzones. With the coming of the New Era,
Gushemege still reeks of the stench of death. Lancian culture has
retreated within itself, neither the Vilani or Regency have
re-expanded into the Sector, and there are rumours of a Virus
pocket cyber-empire in the old Rure sector.

Gushemege (gu-SHEM-eg-uh) is an Old High Vilani word meaning
"passageway", and relates to the J-1 route, the Gushemege Main,
which runs from Vland to Verge and Reft. From this route the
Vilani gained access to these Rift bordering sctors. The
pronounciation is not constant and is rendered gush-MAYGE in the
Lancian Cultural Region and guh-sh-MEG in the Ushi argot of the
traders of the Gushemege Main.

David Burden, Birmingham, UK. Email: david@innocom.demon.co.uk

